Accept colons instead of equals for named arguments (#4209)
twigphp/Twig: doc/templates.rst

Named Arguments
---------------

Named arguments are supported in functions, filters, and tests.

.. versionadded:: 3.12

>     Twig supports both ``=`` and ``:`` as separators between keys and values,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Twig supports both ``=`` and ``:`` as separators between argument names and values,
```

Author: Changed

    {# versus #}

>     {{ data|convert_encoding(from: 'iso-2022-jp', to: 'UTF-8') }}

Reviewer 2: As you replaced the `=` with `:` in this doc, does that mean using `:` will (sooner or later) be the "recommanded" syntax ?  

(something we wondered with @VincentLanglet to chose a potential "default choice" in Twig-CS-Fixer rule)

Author: I think we will support both for the foreseeable future. I would recommend using `:` for a CS fixer though.
